hello girls welcome only my
channel now I bring you a recipe for
Salvadoran pupusas want to know
Well, I'm not going to start putting this
seasoning that
pig pig and I'll be
placing all of our
it is not your body
or as you call him, you see that
touching it has several names that
they mean the same thing I'm going to put this salt
of garlic is also carlos have to go
well seasoned girls to those already to taste
of you are the a as I do
I'll be opening some solitos
also in the flesh
and I will be placing some eyes
as well
you know that the more agitated
it's better for these meats
may be placing more eyes that
he says in the holes I did to the
meat
yes
and then I'll also be putting him
you can put all the
seasoning they want like books
they can also put
if you want you can place the tomato if
they want they can put it in the end I
I 'm placing everything I hope too
to the prince and I'm going to put everything
also when it's the other step and I'm going to
be placing the green chili that is the
chile morrón that looks
a little more garlic salt
and this I 'm going to take to the oven is
wall with aluminum
and I'll take it to the oven at 400
I'm going to put it to 400 degrees it seems
what is this I put it at 138 in the afternoon
and let's see how many hours it takes
this also because I already have it up
that the meat is very soft and
here as you can see I already have also
the beans that are also placed
beans to the meat since it is ground
here is my flesh as you can see its
it takes about 23 hours out there like that
three hours because that's what I tell them
I like the meat to look good
soft and finite at least once
so as you can see apart from
that the meat of the pork meat then
it's pretty soft but I like that
it's pretty pretty soft
and very rich girls are very rich here
I put a small cup of onion because it
I had forgotten to put him but then
matter and you can put a
whip at the end at the beginning I will
I will always be the same now I have here
My extractor food and right here as
I will be
placing they could see that the already returned
I was in pieces because I had already
made pieces so that it could be
sew better
you can see I can already
put fixed as you want as
come here I will be also putting what
What is it that I am going to help you, girl?
all this that I put to him does not feel to
the time that everything is ready is not
feel for those who may not like it
all this kind of things as you can see
I put onion I put garlic I'll put
green chile
and as I tell you , you can put the
ingredients they want and we're going to
start liquefying
since that of this already no cuadrito
I'm going to be putting a little bit of
this salsita of the body route we have
to take the tomato I put it is me
I think that only I do it a lot
because they can put the tomato too
if you want but I like it
this because it helps me bet that this
you can grind pretty well also you
I'm going to put on another one
little bit of salt this seasoned sauce
because you have to go testing if
it's simple or nights to the changuito of the
salt to the taste of each one
and this sauce was also a color
rojito what is our pork rind
with our flesh and as you can see well
He has been placed and gave him cheese
mozzarella cheese or cheese that you
have in this case I do not have more than
get nothing else mozzarella cheese and
to put him to frijolitos and to all this the
we stir girl that there is only one
chew on here I have I already take mass already
ready to make the tortilla and I have a
cheese that are the pupusas of the
kids that I make cheese and how
can be seen did not forget to teach them that
I also have chicharrón already ready
grabbed a belly and I do a nice
in the middle and we grab the amount that is
necessary for our pot also
and then we try to put anything
more in stockings at the beginning costs girls
but I know that you learn you learn
I say it from my own experience and we are going to
take away I love doing this and we're going to
remove excess putty so that
we do not stay for kneaded, I put on a
little oil in the hands for
can draw well what is the machine
and I start patting yes to give
turns in the in the dough started to
make me tortillita like tortilla
normal
so that the bandit is left if we do not
it stays there and then our as it has
to be hot and ready there is
our pupusa and that's how they have been
with their tanning and then they can put it
you with salsita and tomato and I in
this case did not have
and I hope girls if they liked this
recipe as you can see is the magic of the
magic of here from youtube that everything
we do it to which he invited so I hope
and have understood me and liked it
the recipe for Salvadoran whores
kisses the good bless the vague